In this video, we will learn about operators in Java.
So let's get started with some commonly used operators that are smart operators.
When you want to perform some mathematical operations, but not all that is plus minus region, modulo,
etc., then other unit or unit operators that is used for incrementing the value that is plus, minus,
minus or things like that.
Then they're assignment operators equal to to assign a value or less equal to things and then no data
relational operators and and or real excited data relational operator so greater than equal to less
than equal to and that are logical operators that is an and or so these are the most commonly used operators
in Java and you will learn about them with the help of example.
So let's get started writing the code and using different types of operator.
Okay.
I'm naming this class as operators, adding the network finish.
Q So first we will learn about it at home.
So that is adding two integers, your E and E and of your writing.
And let us add one more.
That is some.
Okay.
Otherwise you can add it to the eight.
So it is equal to A plus B.
Eat less the.
Okay.
And we want to bring.
The value of your.
Systems don't out that print.
Here we are printing the law.
Then we need to initialize it so close to ten and 20.
Okay.
Now let us run this class.
So see this?
This plus is the arithmetic operation.
And this equal two is assignment operation.
So this is equal to ten.
B is equal to A is an assignment operator.
And now we are getting saving the value in E here.
Right.
Or instead of using all this so arithmetic operations we can use.
So minus we can use in we can use division.
We can use modular things like that.
Okay.
And there is also a one way to do this is that instead of writing eight is equal to E plus B, we can
see it is equal to.
E this to we can say like this as well.
It will be it will give us the same result.
This is called as an assignment operator.
Instead of a plus, we can mention your two minus and run it.
This will also work.
It will perform A minus B.
Right.
That's why we're getting minus ten.
It will perform E minus B and save the value inside it.
We can add multiplication also here.
All these are all these things.
What we are trying right now is an assignment.
Okay.
Seen to be.
So this is these are these are the assignment end all arithmetical arithmetic of three those which we
have seen so far.
Now, up next, coming to the next one, let's look at relational or relational operated.
So for this, I want to bring the value which is smaller here.
Okay.
So I will add a if condition to check which one is a smaller.
And to compare that I'll use relational operator if it is less then.
Be okay if Liz is less than adequate to be put in doubt.
Smallest pizza.
E right.
Let's put it in that.
Smallest.
If.
Okay.
So this this particular door operator, less than equal to which we using here isn't relational operator.
So.
Let us put in that.
As.
Bring me the smallest one.
Thank.
So let us run this one.
Small as just the value of a we apparently think so.
This is relational.
Now we will go to all logical operators.
Okay.
So logical operators we can use when we want to add two conditions here.
So I have another number.
FT is equal to 70 and I want to check which one is the smallest.
So if it is less, I need to be.
And it is less well to see if it is less than both EMC, B and C, then it is the smallest one.
Right.
So in this case.
Maybe we can use this and operate it here.
Okay, because we want both the conditions to be two.
If we want only one condition to be true and still move on, go inside the conditional statement.
Then we use or operate this.
If or operated, if any of the two conditions is true, then we will execute the code inside this if
block and in case of and we need both the conditions must be to go inside the block.
Okay so this is the difference between and interpret this and these are the logical operators.
Okay, now let us learn about unity operators.
So unity operator, most commonly used are plus plus or less plus or minus minus.
Now we have ABC, we have initialize them with some value.
Now I'm incrementing e okay.
And I'm printing it.
And control space.
Also you going to have this system not a delivered here this is a eclipse shortcut so I have the used
A-plus plus.
Okay.
And now I will put the value of E!
Let us do B minus, minus and bring the value of B here.
And let us sit on this for.
Okay.
So ten plus 111.
20 -119.
So this is how environment recruitment work in Job II.
Most common use case for this is in dope deals and followed by loop.
All the kind of looks that we want to increment the value.
Okay, so these, these are simple examples of most commonly used operators in Java and definitely in
know your problem solving your coding, you will need these operators.
So pick up some more problem statements and you use this operators and try to use this operators.
And in case you have any questions, you can write to me and thank you for watching.
Let's get to the next.